[New Resource] aws_bedrockagent_agent_collaborator to manage multi-agent collaboration (#40559)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/bedrockagent_agent_collaborator.html.markdown

  agent_id                   = aws_bedrockagent_agent.example_supervisor.agent_id
  collaboration_instruction  = "tell the other agent what to do"
  collaborator_name          = "my-collab-example"
  relay_conversation_history = "TO_COLLABORATOR"

  agent_descriptor {
    alias_arn = aws_bedrockagent_agent_alias.example.agent_alias_arn
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `agent_id` - (Required) ID if the agent to associate the collaborator.
* `collaboration_instruction` - (Required) Instruction to give the collaborator.
* `collbaorator_name` - (Required) Name of this collaborator.

The following arguments are optional:

* `prepare_agent` (Optional) Whether to prepare the agent after creation or modification. Defaults to `true`.
* `relay_conversation_history` - (Optional) Configure relaying the history to the collaborator.

### `agent_descriptor` Block

The `agent_descriptor` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `alias_arn` - (Required) ARN of the Alias of an Agent to use as the collaborator.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

> * `collaborator_id` - ID of the Agent Collaborator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `collaborator_id` - ID of the Agent Collaborator.
```

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `5m`)
* `update` - (Default `5m`)
* `delete` - (Default `5m`)

## Import

> In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Bedrock Agents Agent Collaborator using the `example_id_arg`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Bedrock Agents Agent Collaborator using a comma-delimited string combining `agent_id`, `agent_version`, and `collaborator_id`. For example:
```

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_bedrockagent_agent_collaborator.example
  id = "9LSJO0BFI8,DRAFT,AG3TN4RQIY"
}
```

> Using `terraform import`, import Bedrock Agents Agent Collaborator using the `9LSJO0BFI8,DRAFT,AG3TN4RQIY`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `terraform import`, import Bedrock Agents Agent Collaborator using a comma-delimited string combining `agent_id`, `agent_version`, and `collaborator_id`. For example:
```
